What are you doing with an old man like this?
It's been bugging me since I was a kid
I'm so tired of dad just wanting to be close to you
I don't want you to hate it.
Mom mom
Why are you always coughing?
Do you want to go to the hospital to have a look?
No.
Tomorrow is an important day for your Luo Magic Tweet report.
Go to bed early, it's you
Just take some medicine
Mom wants to sleep too
Be obedient
Miss Lin Hong is here
Lin Hong, why do you still have the face to step into the falling door?
Miss, I taught Nian Nian a lesson yesterday
Please help me stay
I beg you.
Xueqin
I just want to see you
Accompany Lin Hong
It's your business you teach that wild girl a lesson
Now our Luo family
I don't need you as a baby anymore. Get out of here!
The eldest lady said
Don't waste food
I always remember
Okay, I'll do it tonight
I just invited a colleague to the house for a party
Then you can keep it and help set it up.
Xueqin
As long as I'm by your side
Horses are willing to do anything
You delivered this to your door.
I want you to read to you
You know the consequences of offending me